First version for options in a dict (#82)
torchbox/wagtail-markdown: README.md

These are implemented using the `python-markdown` extension interface.

### Installation
Available on PyPi - https://pypi.org/project/wagtail-markdown/ - installable via `pip install wagtail-markdown`.

### Configuration

> With version 0.7.0 settings are defined as dict (The previous settings with constants will be deprecated at version 0.9.0):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In version 0.7.0, settings are defined as a dict (the previous settings with constants will be deprecated in version 0.9.0):
```
